Update Terraform resource extension doc (#509)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/platform-engineers/components/component-terraform.md

```

You are warmly welcome to contribute this extended cloud resource ComponentDefinition to [oam-dev/catalog](https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog/tree/master/addons/).
  
## Apply ComponentDefinition

Write the generated ComponentDefinition into a file named `terraform-<ComponentDefinition_NAME>.yaml` and apply it to the running Kubernetes cluster.

```shell
kubectl apply -f <FILENAME>
```  

> ## Verify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Verify

```

You are warmly welcome to contribute this extended cloud resource ComponentDefinition to [oam-dev/catalog](https://github.com/oam-dev/catalog/tree/master/addons/).

## Apply ComponentDefinition
  

> Write the generated ComponentDefinition into a file and apply the file to the running kubernetes cluster.(You can name it as `terraform-<ComponentDefinition_NAME>.yaml`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write the generated ComponentDefinition into a file named `terraform-<ComponentDefinition_NAME>.yaml` and apply it to the running Kubernetes cluster.
```
